Project Description: This program reads a file from disk called Gettysburg-Address.txt. The text is then tokenized word by word, removing any punctuation as it goes.
Each words is added to a dictionary and the frequency of each word is recorded. Once every word has been added to the dictionary the dictionary is sorted in 
descending order according to the frequency of the word. Once the dictionary is sorted, the dictionary's contents are output to a file called 
Gettysburg-Address.output.txt

Included Files:
wf.py: Program Script
Gettysburg-Address.txt - Text file used for input
Gettysburg-Address.output.txt - Text file with word frequencies.
README: This file

Python Analysis: As far as readability goes I believe that Python is easier to read as opposed to Java. In my opinion Java often looks cluttered with everything 
surrounded in braces and parentheses. Python on the other hand looks cleaner and more elegant in general. My only critique of Python is that it could be difficult
to read if there were a lot of nested statements and there are no variable types which makes it harder to discern variable types. I think that writing Python code 
is also faster than other programming languages just because you don't need extra characters such as () and {}. Given a large project Python may save some time 
because of this. I think Python would be a really language to learn as opposed to Java. I actually believe me knowing Java made it more difficult for me to learn Python.
I am not used to the programming language doing so much automatically behind the scenes. If I were a new programmer on the other hand, having the programming language
do so much for the programmer would definetly make it easier. The other thing that made it difficult for me to learn was difference in syntax. I know how to do I/O in Java,
sorting and Hashmaps, but with Python everything was similar but slightly different. For this reason I had to look up a lot of information to understand how to do different
things in Python. Overall, I didn't have a terrible first experience with Python, but I do think it took me longer than if I wrote the program in Java.
